feat: update readme.md (#21)
Deerhound579/ks-killer: README.md

## Usage
```bash
$ cd your/project
# graduate a specific ks
$ ks-killer <target-ks-id>
# graduate multiple ks by date

> # input should a valid date which could be parsed by `Date.parse`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# input should be a valid date supported by `Date.parse`
```
